I think we're long overdue in
society
for Lola private enterprise
stupid
to well participate
in a big way with masses
exploration space
now premier prices always been
there the lamb
that landed on the moon prolly
have one of those feared think
appeared
30 than them
this
in all the politicians have one
of these the ones that went to
the window had Wendys
this is what deployed from the
command module landed on the
surface of the Moon
and the astronauts were in this
upper part and they got out and
they got back in the upper part
would
go back and and it
rejoin with the command module
leaving this base behind
this was designed built and
manufactured in
Roman aerospace best page 1
up but doesn't see growing on
the side
was taxpayers money they did and
nasa and white
I imagine a future such as what
was imagine in
Stanley Kubrick's 2001: a Space
Odyssey where private enterprise
is a participant
in this exercise what happened
in that movie there was Pan Am
was
to old-fashioned airline
pan-american now out of business
but at the time it was a rock in
her life pan am
flew the spatial and then
there's AT&T he put in the phone
call
and this was a a vision of a
future where
it's not just government
programs its businesses are
making money in space
in ways not fundamentally
different how they might make
money
your honor and once you can make
money in space
your investors and entrepreneurs
and you can advance a frontier
in ways that would jot simply
not otherwise had so watch this
space for the future
entrepreneurs